Similar theme or plot
Title: Light in the Dark
Description: A terrifying home invasion shatters a couple's happy family life and brings their marriage to the brink as painful fallout unfolds.

Title: What a Wonderful Family!
Description: In a large family living under one roof, a storm brews when the matriarch requests a divorce from her husband on their 50th anniversary.

Title: The Haunting of Hill House
Description: Flashing between past and present, a fractured family confronts haunting memories of their old home and the terrifying events that drove them from it.

Title: Hope Aur Hum
Description: A multigenerational household navigates daily life, evolving relationships and clashes between old and new mindsets in this light family drama.

Title: My Wife and I
Description: When a couple leaning toward divorce meets with a pastor for counseling, an unexpected development shakes up their marriage.

Title: The Impossible
Description: Tracking one family's harrowing experiences, this gripping drama depicts the chaos generated by the massive 2004 tsunami in Southeast Asia.

Title: The Trigger Effect
Description: When a power failure throws their suburban town into chaos, Matthew and his wife stoop to desperate measures to secure medication for their child.

Title: Kaabil
Description: The happy life of a young blind couple is shattered when the wife is raped and corrupt police won't help, sending the husband on a quest for revenge.

Title: Shadow Parties
Description: A family faces destruction in a long-running conflict between communities that pits relatives against each other amid attacks and reprisals.

Title: الف مبروك
Description: On his wedding day, an arrogant, greedy accountant experiences a series of calamities that keep replaying as he lives the same day over and over again.


######

Similar genre
Title: Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya
Description: After lying to his girlfriend, orthopedic surgeon Samir must conjure up a pretend wife in this musical comedy.

Title: Bartkowiak
Description: After his brother dies in a car crash, a disgraced MMA fighter takes over the family nightclub — and soon learns his sibling's death wasn’t an accident.

Title: Soekarno
Description: This biographical drama about Indonesia's first president recounts his nationalist crusade to seize independence from Dutch colonial rule.

Title: The Titan
Description: On a bleak future Earth, a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man.

Title: Die Another Day
Description: Pierce Brosnan's final outing as 007 finds James Bond facing off against a North Korean terrorist who's in league with a British diamond merchant.

Title: Notes on Blindness
Description: Based on the audio diaries of academic and theologian John Hull, this film offers an impressionistic re-creation of his slow descent into blindness.

Title: Mirai
Description: Unhappy after his new baby sister displaces him, four-year-old Kun begins meeting people and pets from his family's history in their unique house.

Title: Escaping Tel Aviv
Description: After her husband reveals he's an undercover Mossad agent, an Egyptian woman and their children are taken to Israel, prompting an urgent rescue mission.

Title: Yanda Kartavya Aahe
Description: Thanks to an arranged marriage that was designed to make an ailing grandmother happy, newlyweds Rahul and Swati are virtually strangers. Can a four-day honeymoon make a difference when it comes to the couple's feelings about each other?

Title: The Christmas Candle
Description: A progressive new minister's arrival in a small village threatens to end an age-old tradition that brings a yuletide miracle to one of the residents.


######

Similar director or cast
Title: In Search of Fellini
Description: A naive and sheltered young woman embarks on a whimsical adventure across Italy in the hopes of meeting director Federico Fellini.

Title: Skiptrace
Description: To capture a crime lord who killed his partner and kidnapped his partner's daughter, a Hong Kong detective teams with a smart aleck American gambler.

Title: The Golden Years with Javed Akhtar
Description: Writer, poet and lyricist Javed Akhtar hosts this musical trip down memory lane, revealing untold stories behind India's best songs of 1950-75.

Title: Welcome to New York
Description: A lecherous World Bank official sees his reputation crumbling when he's accused of raping a hotel maid during a trip to New York.

Title: Triple 9
Description: A group of dirty Atlanta cops blackmailed by the Russian mob plan a seemingly impossible heist that sets off an explosive chain reaction of violence.

Title: Come Sunday
Description: A crisis of faith sets renowned fundamentalist preacher Carlton Pearson on a new spiritual path that jeopardizes everything he holds dear.

Title: Sotus The Series
Description: When freshman engineering student Kongpob stands up to older bully Arthit, their confrontation soon leads to a deep attraction between the two boys.

Title: Soul Surfer
Description: Hawaiian teen Bethany Hamilton bravely returns to competitive surfing after losing her left arm in a vicious shark attack.

Title: The Edge of Seventeen
Description: A troubled teenager finds high school life even less bearable after she catches her childhood best friend hooking up with her popular older brother.

Title: The Whole Nine Yards
Description: An unhappily married dentist becomes mixed up with mobsters and murder plots when he discovers that a notorious hit man has moved in next door.


######

